# N-Gram Cloze Completion

## Overview

This Python program leverages tri-grams to complete a given cloze. The user is required to provide a cloze, candidates list, corpus, and a lexicon. The program processes the provided data, calculates probabilities into a matrix, and selects the highest probability at each step to complete the cloze.

## Features

- Utilizes tri-grams and dictionaries of dictionaries for efficient processing.
- Requires user input for cloze, candidates list, corpus, and lexicon.
- Processes data to create a matrix of probabilities.
- Selects the highest probability at each step to complete the cloze.

## How to Use with Configuration File

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:
2. Create a configuration file named config.json with the following structure:
```json
{
  "input_filename":  "data/document.cloze.txt",
  "candidates_filename": "data/candidate.words.txt",
  "lexicon_filename": "data/lexicon.txt",
  "corpus": "data/en.wikipedia2018.10M.txt"
}
```
3. Update the file paths in the configuration file according to your setup.
4. Run the program
5. Review the completed cloze list generated by the program.

Note: Ensure that the specified files in the configuration file exist and have the required data.

## Testing

For testing purposes, the program was evaluated using:

- **Corpus:** 10 million lines from Wikipedia.
- **Lexicon:** The 50,000 most frequent English words.
- **Success Rate:** 83.33%

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.
